Kala-bhairava-devaya: The Divine Lord Kalabhairava, revered deity of time and transcendence.
Kala-kalaya: The destroyer of destruction, the Lord who conquers time itself.
Kala-danda-dhrite: Wielder of the rod of time, upholder of divine judgment.
Kalatmane: The soul of time, pervading and animating all existence.
Kama-mantratmane: Embodiment of the desire-inciting mantra, the essence of creative will.
Kasika-pura-nayakaya: Protector and lord of the sacred city of Kashi.
Karuna-varidhaye: Ocean of compassion for his devotees.
Kanta-militaya: The beloved, ever-residing in the hearts of his devotees.
Kalika-tanave: Destroyer of all strife and calamities.
Kala-jaya: Victorious over time, transcending all temporal limitation.
Kukkuta-arudhaya: Mounted upon a rooster, symbol of vigilance and victory over ignorance.
Kapaline: Bearer of the skull, symbol of detachment from worldly existence.
Kalanemi-ghne: Destroyer of the demon Kalanemi, vanquisher of obstacles and ignorance.
Kala-kanthaya: The dark-throated one, bearing the poison of the cosmic ocean.
Kataksa-anugrahita-akhila-sevakaya: Whose gracious glance blesses all his devotees.
Kapala-karparotkrista-bhiksa-patra-dharaya: Holder of the uplifted skull-bowl, symbolizing renunciation and sacred detachment.
Kavaye: The supreme poet and knower of all wisdom.
Kalpanta-dahanakaya: Whose form is the cosmic fire at the end of an age.
Kala-nidhi-kala-dharaya: Adorned with the moon, repository of arts and knowledge.
Kapala-malika-bhusaya: Adorned with a garland of skulls, signifying victory over ego and mortality.
Kali-kula-vara-pradaya: Bestower of boons to the lineage of Kala, the stream of destinies.
Kalii-kalavatii-diiksa-samskara-upasana-priyaya: Delighting in initiation, purification, and worship for those who seek the mysteries of Kali.
Kalika-daksa-parsva-sthaya: Seated at the right side of Goddess Kali, embodying fierce protection.
Kali-vidya-svarupa-vate: Embodiment of the knowledge needed in the Kali age.
Kalii-kurca-sama-yukta-bhuvana-kuta-bhasuraya: Resplendent amid the seed powers that hold the universe together.
Kalii-dhyana-japa-asakta-hrda-akarana-vasakaya: Whose heart is absorbed in meditation and mantra-japa of Kali.
Kalika-varivastyaadi-pradhana-kalpa-padapaya: The primordial wish-fulfilling tree rooted in the essence of Kali.
Kali-ugra-vasava-brahmii-pramukha-carya-nayakaya: Leader among the divine powers who preside in the Kali Yuga.
Kankala-malika-dharine: Wearer of a garland of bones and skulls, victor over death.
Kaamaniya-jata-dharaya: Beautifully adorned with matted locks.
Kona-rekhastha-bhadrastha-pradesa-bindu-pithakaya: Whose sacred seat rests in the subtle bindu of the auspicious mystical field.
Kadalii-karaviiraka-kanjha-homa-arcana-priyaya: One who delights in worship offered with sacred flowers.
Kurma-pithadi-sakti-isaya: Resting upon the cosmic tortoise-seat and primordial Shakti.
Kala-kastha-adhipalakaya: Guardian of the furthest reaches of time.
Katha-bhrave: The one whose terrible roar removes impurity and obstruction.
Kama-sancarane: He who moves according to his own divine will.
Kama-araye: Enemy of desire, destroyer of illusion born of lust.
Kama-rupa-vate: Possessing the power to assume any form at will.
Kanthadi-sarva-cakrasthaya: Residing in all chakras from the throat upward.
Kriyadi-koti-diipakaya: Illuminator of countless paths of action.
Karna-hiina-upavitapaya: Adorned with an unusual sacred thread, signifying supreme renunciation.
Kanaka-acala-deha-vate: Possessing a body radiant like a golden mountain.
Kandhara-karada-hara-agasabha-asura-murti-mate: Of splendid form, radiant with skull-garlands and terrible beauty.
Kapala-mocana-antaya: Liberator from the sin of Brahmahatya, remover of deep impurity.
Kala-rajaya: King of time, sovereign over its dominion.
Kriya-pradaya: Bestower of action and its proper fruit.
Karana-adhipataye: Lord of all causes, primal source behind manifestation.
Karma-karakaya: Agent of all action, orchestrator of karma.
Kartri-nayakaya: Supreme doer and leader of all action.
Kanthadya-akhila-desa-ahi-bhusana-adhyaya: Adorned with all directions as ornaments.
Kala-atmakaya: The very embodiment of time.
Karma-khanda-adhipaya: Overlord of the realms of action and destiny.
Kilbisa-mocine: Remover of sin and releaser from faults.
Kama-kosthakaaya: Dweller in the womb of desire, granter of cherished wishes.
Kala-kantha-rava-nandine: Rejoicing in the sweet song of the night bird.
Karma-sraddha-vara-pradaya: Bestower of steadfast faith in righteous action.
Gunabha-kirna-gandhara-sancarane: Pervading the subtle essences of qualities, fragrance, and inner refinement.
Gaumati-smitaya: Possessor of a gentle smile and serene wisdom.
Kinkini-manju-nirvana-kati-sutara-virajitaya: Adorned with a waist-belt of tinkling bells that sing of liberation.
Kalyana-krt-kali-dhvamsine: Benefactor who destroys the darkness of the Kali Yuga.
Karma-saksine: Witness to all actions performed by all beings.
Krita-jnapaya: Known and honored through his deeds.
Karala-damstraya: Possessor of frightful fangs that terrify evil forces.
Kandarpa-darpa-ghnaya: Shatterer of the pride of Kama, the god of desire.
Kama-bhedanaya: Piercer of desire, remover of lust and craving.
Kala-guru-vilioptangaya: Whose limbs are adorned in dark and majestic beauty.
Kadara-artha-abhaya-pradaya: Granter of fearlessness to the distressed and anxious.
Kalantika-bhara-daya: Bearer of the end of time, symbol of final dissolution and renewal.
Kali-bhakta-loka-avara-pradaya: Bestower of boons to the devotees of Kali.
Kaminii-kancanaa-bhakta-mocakaya: Liberator from attachment to lust and gold.
Kamala-iksanaya: He whose eyes are as beautiful as lotus petals.
Kadambari-rasa-svaada-lolupaya: Delighting in divine sweetness and mystical intoxication.
Kanksita-artha-daya: Bestower of desired aims and fulfillment.
Kabandhana-avaya: Remover of spiritual bondage and unseen obstruction.
Kamakhya-kancya-adi-ksetrapalakaya: Guardian of sacred places such as Kamakhya and Kanchi.
Kaivalya-prada-mandaraya: Bestower of absolute freedom, bliss, and liberation.
Koti-surya-sama-prabhaya: Radiant like ten million suns.
Kriya-iccha-jnana-sakti-pradiipaka-anala-locanaya: Whose fiery eyes illumine action, will, and knowledge.
Kamya-adi-karmma-sarvasva-phala-daya: Giver of the fruits of all rightful desired actions.
Karma-posakaya: Nourisher and sustainer of all action and its results.
Karya-karana-nirmatre: Creator and regulator of cause and effect.
Kara-griha-vimocakaya: Liberator from the prison of worldly bondage.
Kala-paryaya-mula-sthaya: Root of the cycles of time and transformation.
Karya-siddhi-pradayakaya: Bestower of success in undertakings.
Kala-anurupa-karmanga-moksanaa-bhranti-nasanaya: Destroyer of delusion regarding action, time, and their fruits.
Kala-cakra-prabhedine: Breaker of the wheel of time, liberator from repetitive existence.
Kali-m-manya-yoginii-priyaya: Beloved of the Yoginis who dwell in the sacred mandala of Kali.
Kahala-adi-maha-vaadya-atala-taandava-laalasaya: Delighting in the cosmic dance amid the roar of great instruments.
Kula-kundalinii-sakta-yoga-siddhi-pradayakaya: Bestower of yogic accomplishment through awakened Kundalini Shakti.
Kala-ratri-maha-ratri-siva-ratri-adi-karakaya: Lord of Kalaratri, Maharatri, Shivaratri, and other sacred nights.
Kolahala-dhvanaye: The one whose roar fills the universe.
Kopine: The wrathful one who destroys ignorance and dispenses justice.
Kaulaa-marga-pravartakaya: Originator and revealer of the Kaula path.
Karma-kausalya-santosine: Delighted by skillful and proper action.
Keli-hasana-laalasaya: Radiant with playful laughter.
Kritsna-pravrtti-visvanda-panca-kritya-vidayakaya: Granter of the five cosmic functions: creation, preservation, dissolution, concealment, and grace.
Kala-natha-paraya: Supreme Lord beyond the bounds of time.
Kalaya: Controller of time and destroyer of illusion.
Kala-dharma-pravartakaya: Establisher of the laws of time and cosmic order.
Kula-caryaya: Revered teacher of the spiritual lineage.
Kula-carataya: Upholder of lineage, tradition, and sacred conduct.
Guhya-astamii-priyaya: Fond of the sacred eighth lunar day associated with his worship.
Karma-bandha-akhila-chedine: Severer of all karmic bondage.
Gosthastha-bhairava-agranye: Foremost among Bhairavas and leader of divine hosts.
Katora-aujasya-bhisma-ajna-paala-kinkaara-sevitaya: Served by mighty and fearsome attendants who uphold his commands.
Kala-rudraya: The fierce Rudra of time whose wrath governs the cosmic cycle.
Kala-vela-hora-amsa-murtimate: Embodiment of every division of time, from moments to day and night.
Karaya: The doer of all deeds and actions in the universe.